---
title: Lesson 4 - 27/03/26
updated: 2026-03-27 09:55:33Z
created: 2026-03-27 08:05:34Z
latitude: 48.85661400
longitude: 2.35222190
altitude: 0.0000
---

Lesson 4 - 27/03/26
Shared notes 27/03/26
Today’s absences: Maxime and Alexandre

VOCABULARY:
to pass the time = to keep busy while waiting for something else (plane/bus/meeting), not because you want to, but because there is nothing else to do
to spend time = to consciously choose to do something that you want to do

If you want to practise phrasal verbs:
 https://test-english.com/vocabulary/a2/common-phrasal-verbs-a2-english-vocabulary/

There was a fire alarm. It was false alarm.
That meant that we didn't have to put out a fire.

I don't mind = I don't have a preference
Could you please do that = Could you possibly do that?
I was wondering if you could...
What do you fancy doing this evening?
Why don't we go?
That's a great idea.
do you mind if...? = Can I..?
Go ahead!
Where can we go? = where shall we go? = where could we go?
How about going to the beach?
We could try that.
I think I'd rather go there.
yes, if you want = yes, if you like.

Exercise for making suggestions:
    
The CEO of your company has asked your group for suggestions for the upcoming corporate anniversary (it’s going to be 30 years in 2029 since OVHCloud was founded in 1999). He wants you to start preparing this celebratory year 3 years in advance! Your team has been tasked with brainstorming lots of ideas in preparation of the first meeting with the “2029 organisers” next month. Which suggestions can you come up with to make 2029 very special for all employees at OVHCloud?

To come up with = to invent

We are here to find some ideas for that year.
many ideas
Do you fancy designing a new logo?
what do you think about ..?
The CEO should play a concert. 
How about organising a time capsule event? We could plan this for 2060.
Why don't we invite some dancers?

Should we prepare a prize for the winner?
Does anyone have an idea?

I would like you each to take on one of the subjects and work on this between now and 2029. So, the tasks are divided as follows:
    Cyril : time capsule
    Antoine : concert
    Ekrem:  the dancers
    Damien: design the new logo


GRAMMAR:
Antoine has told to me that he will connect in a few minutes.

a few = some = a couple (2 or 3)
I have a few friends

few = almost none/at most 2, probably only one
I have few friends
 
What are your plans for next weekend? = what are you doing next weekend?
I'm going to watch an American series in the original version with English subtitles.
I'm going to do gardening at my parents' home.
I'm going to a place one hour's drive from my home. I'm playing a concert with my band.We are playing for an hour. I don't know yet what I will do on Saturday or Sunday.

What kind of music do you listen TO?
It's a big question. I like all kinds of music. I listen to Joss Stone a lot lately.
I like listening TO all types of music. I listen mainly to rock music. My favourite music is K-pop.

What is your favourite country? 
I don't travel much (as a habit).
I haven't travelled much (in my life). I hope to go to Canada.

What's your favourite food?
My favourite food is kebab.

PRONUNCIATION/
SYLLABLE STRESS:
Interesting clip of a conversation between an American and British person explaining how they learned English with series:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zokr6Tmk3wA
 
Another clip about different accents which Ekrem shared today:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fy-bd5AC-Ms

SUMMARY OF TODAY’S LESSON:
1. We answered each other's questions to practise switching between verb tenses in conversation
2. We reminded ourselves of the vocabulary for making suggestions with exercise 66.3
3. We practised the suggestion vocabulary in a group exercise
 
HOMEWORK FOR NEXT WEEK:
1. Continue your personal revision on the platform (20-30 minutes a week). You can also select the sections "suggesting" and "opinion" to practise today's vocabulary.
2. Listen to 10 minutes of English (with and without subtitles) and tell us about it next week!
3. Remind yourself of the opinion vocabulary so that we can do another group exercise.
 
ABSENCES NEXT WEEK:
Please send an email to confirm your absence to planning@inlingua-pro.com and cc kjohnson@inlingua-pro.com
 