---
title: Lesson 3 -  20/03/26
updated: 2026-03-27 08:06:12Z
created: 2026-03-20 08:15:50Z
latitude: 48.85661400
longitude: 2.35222190
altitude: 0.0000
---

Shared notes 20/03/26
Today’s absences: Ekrem and Alexandre
 
VOCABULARY:
It depends ON
When we were young, we were told spring starts on the 21st of March.

Shake a leg = come on, make a start! Hurry up; act quickly

Bob's your uncle! = to express that something is easy

Making suggestions:
I suggest  (that) we go to that restaurant.
Shall we go to a different restaurant?
We could go to that restaurant.
How about going to a restaurant? = What about going to a restaurant?
Let's go to that restaurant!
Why don't we go to a restaurant?
Do you fancy going there? (INFORMAL - for use with close friends)

Answer:
I don't mind = I don't have a preference = as you want.
I don't care = not respectful as it indicates that you have no care for the situation or the person who makes the suggestion.

I'd rather do something else = I prefer to do soemthing else.

I'm afraid I haven't got any money = I'm sorry but I ahven't got any money.

Asking opinions:
What do you think about..? (general)
What do you think of...? (specific)
How do you feel about...?
    
Sharing opinions:
In my opinion, ... =
Personally, I think...
My view is that .... = My feeling is that....
IN my opinion, these students are great = Personally, I think these students are great (NOT In my opinion, I think...)

(dis)agreeing:
I agree.
I'm with you
I partly agree = I agree to a certain extent.
I completely agree/I totally agree.

I disagree. I don't agree
I'm not really with you on this.
I don't agree at all.
I disagree completely.

GRAMMAR:
I've just heard it on the radio.

What did you do last weekend?
I stayed at home all weekend. I was betting on sports. I sometimes place a bet on football. The second activity was going to a restaurant with my friends.

Have you ever traveled to another country? I haven't travelled many times. I travelled to England once when I was in college. I went to Poland many years ago. 

Have you ever tried sushi? I really love sushi and generally, Japanese food. I go to a Japanese restaurant once a week.
 
PRONUNCIATION/
SYLLABLE STRESS:
could/would/should : all of these have silent "l" 
idea (sounds like eye-dee-a)

Sentence to use to practise the schwa: "I send a private message to the corporate manager about the problem with limited storage capacity in the building because our packages could get damaged. The situation is desperate so I hope he finds a suitable solution”

suitable = soo-t'ble
 
 
SUMMARY OF TODAY’S LESSON:
1. Damien's questions for today! And we shared new vocabulary from the podcasts we listened to.
2. Vocabulary for making suggestions and/or sharing our opinions
 
 
HOMEWORK FOR NEXT WEEK:
1. Prepare one question (any verb tense!) for the other students for the start of the lesson and continue to listen to short podcasts (bring new vocab to the lesson)
2. Look over the vocabulary we looked at today (vocabulary for suggestions and for opinions). We want to try these out in future lessons!
3. I attach 2 exercises in my email which we will do next week (you may want to prepare them yourself)
 
ABSENCES NEXT WEEK:


 